docs: create README for lwc package (#1830)
salesforce/lwc: packages/lwc/README.md

> Lightning Web Components (LWC) is a blazing fast, enterprise-grade web components foundation for building user interfaces. LWC is a thin layer around the low-level Web Components APIs. The `lwc` package is the main entry point for dependencies.

Reviewer: How about: LWC provides a simple authoring format for UI Components. LWC compiles this authoring format into low-level Web Component APIs.

Reviewer: This is for the Second Sentence.

> Lightning Web Components (LWC) is a blazing fast, enterprise-grade web components foundation for building user interfaces. LWC is a thin layer around the low-level Web Components APIs. The `lwc` package is the main entry point for dependencies.

Author: ```suggestion
Lightning Web Components (LWC) is a blazing fast, enterprise-grade web components foundation for building user interfaces. LWC provides a simple authoring format for UI Components. LWC compiles this authoring format into low-level Web Component APIs. The `lwc` package is the main entry point for dependencies.
```

> Lightning Web Components (LWC) is a blazing fast, enterprise-grade web components foundation for building user interfaces. LWC provides a simple authoring format for UI Components. LWC compiles this authoring format into low-level Web Component APIs. The `lwc` package is the main entry point for dependencies.

Reviewer 2: Re blazing fast, we provide no data justifying this claim.

Reviewer: Let's focus on enterprise-grade only. I think we drop blazing-fast unless we quantify.

Reviewer 3: +1 we did that when we launch to differenciate from aura mostly. I think now   the message is not needed

> Lightning Web Components (LWC) is a blazing fast, enterprise-grade web components foundation for building user interfaces. LWC provides a simple authoring format for UI Components. LWC compiles this authoring format into low-level Web Component APIs. The `lwc` package is the main entry point for dependencies.

Author: ```suggestion
Lightning Web Components (LWC) is an enterprise-grade web components foundation for building user interfaces. LWC provides a simple authoring format for UI Components. LWC compiles this authoring format into low-level Web Component APIs. The `lwc` package is the main entry point for dependencies.
```

> -   Develop components quickly and declaratively using HTML, JavaScript, and CSS.

Reviewer 4: one feedback that I have received multiple times is that the statically analyzable aspect of the framework, as a foundational part, is not mentioned anywhere. It only make reference to the declarative aspect of it... but I think we should mentioned somewhere that part of the deal is to author components in a way that the code can be statically analyzed .

Reviewer: I think we can develop this out a bit for an update of the readme later on.
